Hello Guys, Welcome back to the channel, where
we recap movies for you. Today, we will be
recapping the movie called “Knock Knock”,
which has Keanu Reeves in it. Please turn
the subtitles on, if you have trouble understanding
me. So, let's get started, and spoilers ahead.
At the start of the movie, we see that Evan
and his wife Karen are getting a little intimate
early in the morning. But, they are soon disturbed
by their two kids, who have brought a cake
for father’s day. They have even brought
him a gift. Evan opens it to find a clock
made by the two kids. Evan acts very excited
in front of his children, and thanks both
of them. Evan cuts the cake, but his children
push the cake to his face and run away. Evan
chases after them making a monster noise.
They seem like a very happy family.
The family sits to have lunch and celebrate
Father’s Day. Then, we see Louis, the assistant
of Karen. Karen is an artist, and she has
lots of her artwork at her house. In a few
days, her art was scheduled to be showcased
at an art gallery. And Louis was in charge
of moving her art to the art gallery on time.
After their lunch, the family plans a beach
trip, but Evan doesn’t join them. He has
a lot of work left from his office, and he
also has a shoulder injury which will keep
him from having fun with his family. So, Karen
and the kids leave without Evan.
That night, Evan is working alone at his house.
Evan is an architect and has been working
on a project for a few months. He receives
a call from his wife, and she informs that
they have reached the beach house. Karen says
that she misses him on this trip, and then
they hang up the phone. Evan works for a few
hours, and then he hears the doorbell ring.
He goes to check, and finds two attractive
girls, and they’re both soaked wet with
the rain. The two girls introduce themselves
as Bel, and Genesis.
They tell Evan that they were going to a party,
but they had lost their way. And with the
rain, they’re phones were also not working
properly. Trying to be a good person, Evan
welcomes them inside to shelter them from
the heavy rain.
Evan hands them towels to clean themselves
and also gives them his i-pad to contact their
friends.
While Genesis is trying to contact their friends,
Bel thanks Evan for letting them inside. She
tells him that not everyone would have helped
them. Then, Genesis tells Bel that the party
address is pretty far from where they were.
So, Evan proposes that he will call a cab
for them. Evan books a cab, but it will take
it 45 minutes to arrive at his house.
45 minutes is a long wait, so the girls ask
Evan if they can use his dryer to dry their
clothes. Evan prepares them coffee and takes
their clothes to the dryer.
After that, they all sit to have a conversation.
Bel and Genesis ask Evan about his wife. Evan
answers that his wife and children were out
for a beach trip. Hearing that he was all
alone by himself on father’s day, they both
get up and hug him. Evan thinks nothing of
it, but when Genesis touches his arm, he feels
uncomfortable and goes to another chair.
After that, the two girls all of a sudden
start talking about their sex life. Evan gets
confused to see how open they both were. They
start asking Evan about his wife. Evan tells
them that his wife is an artist, and proudly
shows them the art catalog of his wife. Bel
and Genesis get close to Evan and say that
his wife is a very lucky woman. Evan gets
uncomfortable and sits away from them. He
checks his phone and the cab is 20 minutes
away. Genesis asks Evan if he has been with
any other woman after marriage. Evan answers
“No”. And Bel tells Evan that when she
gets married, she will let her husband sleep
with other women. That way she believes her
husband will never cheat on her. Evan is surprised
to hear this and nervously laughs.
All of a sudden, they both get close to him
and start seducing him. Evan again gets up
to get away from them. He checks his phone
and the cab is just 5 minutes away. Genesis
asks if she can use the bathroom and Evan
shows her the way. Evan gets up to play music,
and Bel starts to dance seductively. She pulls
Evan towards her and starts dancing with him.
Evan doesn’t know what to do, and they almost
kiss.
But, the phone rings, and Evan informs her
that the cab was here. Evan takes their clothes
out of the dryer and sees that the cab was
waiting for them. He takes the clothes to
them, and calls them from outside the bathroom.
After not getting any response, Evan goes
inside to find both of them without clothes.
They both start seducing Evan, who keeps telling
them that he is a married man and cannot do
this. But, the girls aren’t listening to
him and start touching him. Evan tries to
control himself, but he cannot stop what was
happening to him, and gives in to his pleasure.
After waiting for a long time, the cab driver
also leaves from there. That night, Evan sleeps
with both of them. Next morning, Evan gets
up and finds himself alone. The clothes from
the bathroom are also gone So, he thinks that
the girls were out of his house. But to his
surprise, he finds them in the kitchen, making
a total mess out of the place. Evan gets angry,
and wants them to leave. But the girls just
laugh and don’t listen to him. Just then,
Evan receives a call from his wife, he goes
outside to receive the call. He tries to speak
as if nothing weird is going on in the house,
but the girls start making weird noises from
inside. Evan starts to get distracted and
quickly ends the conversation. He loses his
temper and tells the girls to get out of his
house right now. He pushes them to get their
clothes and leave his house.
Evan goes to check and finds Genesis in her
clothes. But Bel isn’t there. So, he goes
to search for Bel and finds her in his closet.
Bel tries to seduce him again, and tells him
that she wants him before she leaves. But
this time, Evan is in his senses. He doesn’t
lose control and tells them to get out in
three minutes.
After a while, Evan goes to check on them,
but finds them totally destroying the artworks
of his wife. Evan gets furious and tells them
that if they don’t leave his house, he will
call the cops. Hearing his threat, Bel and
genesis start to laugh. They tell Evan that
they are both underage girls, and if Evan
calls the police, it will be him that will
go to jail.
Evan is shocked to hear this, and realizes
that he has made a huge mistake. Everything
that they said yesterday was a lie, they were
just messing around with him. Evan tries to
give them money to leave him alone, but they
get angry at him and tell him that they’re
not prostitutes.
Just then someone calls Evan from his door.
He goes to check and finds Karen’s friend.
She was there to ask if he needed help with
anything since he was alone by himself. Evan
gets nervous to see her. He tries to get her
out of there, but Genesis comes outside and
starts acting like his girlfriend. Karen’s
friend is disgusted to look at Evan and leaves
immediately.
Evan has had enough. He goes inside and tries
to force them to leave his house. But, the
girls keep on making fun of him. Evan finally
says that he will call the police, no matter
what. Fearing that he might call the police
for real, they agree to leave. Evan takes
them in his car and leaves them to their destination.
Evan goes back to his house, and starts cleaning
the mess that Bel and Genesis had made. At
night, he sits to work on his project, but
he hears something drop. He sees that a photo
frame had dropped. He bends down to pick it
up, but Genesis hits him from behind and knocks
him out.
When Evan wakes up, he finds himself tied
up to his bed. He tells Genesis to free him,
but she isn’t listening to him at all. Then,
Bel comes inside and Evan sees her wearing
the school uniform of his daughter. She even
starts calling him “Daddy”.
Bel and Genesis both start taking Evan’s
clothes off. Evan tries to resist with all
his strength. But, just then, he receives
a call from his wife. Fearing that they will
answer the call and show her wife everything,
Evan agrees to do whatever they say.
Bel starts having sex with Evan, while Genesis
starts to record everything with her phone.
When Genesis goes outside to grab something
to eat, Evan uses all his strength to free
himself and gets Bel off of him. He unties
himself and goes outside to attack Genesis.
But she manages to stab him with a fork. Evan
cries out loud with pain, and soon faints
to sleep.
When he wakes up, he again finds himself tied
up to a chair, with a cloth in his mouth.
Bel and Genesis start to play a game with
Evan. Whenever Evan doesn’t answer their
question, they play loud screeching sounds
in his ears.
Louis gets to his house, to get Karen’s
artworks and ship it for the art gallery.
Bel takes Evan to another room. And Genesis
answers the door. Louis is confused to find
them at Evan’s house, but they tell him
that they are nieces of Evan. Louis goes to
check the artwork and finds them destroyed.
Bel and Genesis tell him that it was maybe
Evan who made the mess out of the artwork.
Louis is furious and doesn’t believe them
one bit. He tells them that he will call the
cops. Genesis tries to seduce him, but he
isn’t easily seduced like Evan. He shouts
at the girls, and hears a noise. He follows
the sound and finds Evan tied up. He quickly
tries to untie Evan, but he hears that the
girls are destroying the art piece.
Seeing the art piece get demolished by Bel
and Genesis, Louis gets an asthma attack.
He tries to use his inhaler, but the crazy
girls take it away from him and start playing
catch with it. Louis begs them to give him
his inhaler, but they don’t listen. While
trying to take his inhaler, Louis slips and
hits his head on the solid concrete. Louis
is dead after this, but Bel and Genesis aren’t
worried at all. In fact, they start laughing
maniacally.
Evan asks them to call the ambulance, but
they say it's too late. They start to cover
Louis’s body and also exchange texts from
the phone of Evan and Louis. They are trying
to stage a fight between Evan and Louis, to
make it seem like it was Evan who killed him.
They put Louis’ body in the van and go back
to Evan.
Evan asks them the reason behind what they
had done. They answer that they were checking
if Evan would cheat on his wife or not. They
were total psychopaths. They believe that
since Evan cheated on his wife, he didn’t
deserve to stay alive.
Hearing that they are going to kill him, Evan
starts screaming at them. He tells them that
it was them, who came after him. But Bel and
Genesis don’t budge. They say that Evan
will be executed at dawn.
They both start digging a hole, possibly to
bury Evan. While they are getting busy with
the digging, Evan uses his legs to get to
his i-pad. He uses automated voice assistance
to call Karen. The i-pad calls Karen, but
Bel and Genesis are back. Genesis finds the
i-pad and throws it outside.
Bel and Genesis then start acting like monsters,
just like how Evan used to with his children.
Evan gets confused and asks them how they
knew about it. But they keep on mocking him.
Then, Evan knows that they were spying on
him and his family for a long time.
Bel and Genesis get changed, and start destroying
everything. They destroy all the artworks
of Karen. They destroy Evan’s house and
even cut his hair. They’re making a complete
mockery out of Evan. While destroying the
house, they find a gun that Evan had hidden
in case of emergencies.
After finding the gun, Genesis says that she
wants to play hide and seek. They untie him
and tell him that he has 30 seconds to hide.
If Evan gets out of the house, they will shoot
him. But if Evan manages to hide until morning,
Bel and Genesis promise to leave him.
After this, Evan goes somewhere in his house
to hide. Bel and Genesis start looking for
him. They look everywhere but fail to find
him. Evan tries to escape from them, but Genesis
catches him. Evan cries out for help but Genesis
tells him that no one was there to help him.
The sun finally rises, They take the tied
up body of Evan to the hole they had dug last
night. They put him inside the hole and start
covering it. Soon, they have the entire hole
covered with only Evan’s head sticking out.
Genesis grabs a stone and it seems she will
use it to kill Evan. But, she doesn’t smash
it on Evan’s head. Bel and Genesis both
start laughing loudly.
Evan, for the final time, begs them to leave
him alone. Then, Bel and Genesis reveal the
truth. They tell him that they were just having
fun with him, and weren’t planning to kill
him at all. In fact, they were not even underage
girls. They just wanted to seduce a married
man, and then ruin his family. It was something
that they really enjoyed.
After telling Evan the truth, Bel shows Evan
a video. It’s the video that Genesis had
taken, when Bel was wearing Evan’s daughter’s
school uniform, and she was in bed with Evan.
She even uploads the video on Evan’s facebook
page, and writes a caption on it, “Happy
Father’s Day”. Bel and Genesis were truly
sick human beings. They leave the phone in
front of Evan, and leave to look out for a
new victim.
Evan’s family also return from their trip
and find their house completely ruined.
At the same time, Evan manages to take his
hands out. He tries to delete the video from
his facebook account, but he accidentally
ends up liking it. And the movie ends.
Hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you ever
find yourself in a situation like Evan, please
try to control yourself, or you might get
yourself in the same condition as Evan.
That’s it for this video. If you enjoyed
the video, make sure to leave a like, and
subscribe to the channel to never miss out
on any of our videos.
Thanks for watching, and we’ll be back with
another movie re-cap.